---
title: Home
layout: page
permalink: /2026/
---

# Workshop on Fault-Tolerant Quantum Computer System Architecture
{:style="display: none;"}

{% include figure.html img="ftqcsa2026.png" alt="FTQCSA2026" caption="The 2nd FTQCSA workshop in Daejeon" width="100%" %}


## About FTQCSA

The pursuit of Fault-Tolerant Quantum Computer (FTQC) represents a promising direction in enhancing computation capability, with far-reaching implications for various fields. However, the research and development of FTQC necessitate a multidisciplinary approach, drawing on expertise from diverse areas, including quantum coding theory, quantum processing unit design, electronics engineering for quantum-classical interfaces, quantum networks, computer architecture, compilation techniques, and FTQC integration with high-performance computing. As we embark on the path to achieving quantum advantage through FTQC, it is clear that sustained efforts are required to scale up FTQC systems while reducing the resources needed to operate them.

The journey toward harnessing the power of FTQC has just begun, and it is essential to recognize that long-term commitment and collaboration are crucial for overcoming the complex challenges ahead. In this context, the motivation behind this workshop lies in the need to foster international cooperation among researchers from diverse disciplines. The primary objective of this workshop is to provide a platform where experts can converge to share their latest advancements, discuss system-level challenges, and collaborate on strategies to accelerate the development of FTQC systems. By facilitating an exchange of ideas and expertise, we aim to drive progress toward realizing quantum advantages.

## Date and Venue

- Date: August 29, 2026
- Venue: KRISS, Daejeon, South Korea (More details to be provided)


## Call for Posters 

We will have one poster session. Please register from the workshop registration form, linked below.

## Presentations
- Keynote: Rodney Van Meter (Keio University, Japan)
- Invited:
  - Naphan Benchasattabuse (Keio University, Japan)
  - Dongmoon Min (Sungkyunkwan University, South Korea)
  - Kosuke Mitarai (Osaka University, Japan) 

## Registration

Please register from this [form](https://forms.gle/XjXAu6t5T8M9zHJY6).

## Detailed program

- To be announced.

## Organizing Committee

- Chair: Akihito Soeda (National Institute of Informatics, Japan)
- Vice Chair: Teruo Tanimoto (Kyushu University, Japan)
- Ilkwon Byun (Kyushu University, Japan)
- Jaewan Kim (KAIST, South Korea)
- Eunseong Kim (KAIST, South Korea)
- Shota Nagayama (Keio University, Japan)
- Yasunari Suzuki (RIKEN, Japan)
- Yosuke Ueno (RIKEN, Japan)
- Hayata Yamasaki (The University of Tokyo, Japan)


{% comment %}
### Endorsed by:

- To be confirmed.
{% endcomment %}

### Contact
- Email: ftqcsa-oc _at_ googlegroups.com

{% comment %}
{% include toc.html %}

------

{% include template/credits.html %}
{% endcomment %}
